Introduce label selector for watching ConfigMaps and Secrets (#2302)
fluxcd/website: content/en/flux/guides/helmreleases.md

**Note**: When switching from a `.chart.spec` to a `.chartRef`, the old `HelmChart`
resource is garbage collected by the helm-controller.

## Reacting immediately to changes in referenced Secrets and ConfigMaps

> To make a HelmRelease react immediately to changes in referenced

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To trigger a Helm release upgrade when changes occur in referenced
```
